content/english/_index.md, before:

---
# Banner
banner:
  title: "Welcome to PY Academy!"
  content: "A Gateway to **P**rogramming for **Y**'all"
  image: "/images/banner.jpg"
  button:
    enable: true
    label: "Learn more about our coming courses."
    link: "/courses"

# Features
features:
  - title: "Why PY?"
    image: "/images/service-1.png"
    content: "Technology is everywhere and the key to a bright future. However, taking the first steps into the world of programming can be challenging. We believe that everyone has the potential to become a proficient coder. In PY academy, our goal is to guide learners through their initial journey in programming, providing them with a solid foundation in programming concepts and problem-solving techniques. We focus primarily on introductory programming courses, where we introduce learners to fundamental programming concepts through a structured curriculum, hands-on experience and collaborative projects."
    content_extra: "PY serves as your gateway to the world of programming. Through an in-person introductory programming tutoring, you will discover your passion for coding, enabling you to dive into the programming world. Unlike online courses, the in-person instruction through PY will offer you real-time discussions, immediate feedback, and interactive discussions with peers and tutors. All of which will lead to a more engaging and effective learning experience that will enhance your coding and problem-solving skills."

    # bulletpoints:
    #   - "10+ Pre-build pages"
    #   - "95+ Google Pagespeed Score"
    #   - "Build with Hugo and TailwindCSS for easy and customizable styling"
    #   - "Fully responsive on all devices"
    #   - "SEO-optimized for better search engine rankings"
    #   - "**Open-source and free** for personal and commercial use"
    button:
      enable: true
      label: "Learn more about our coming courses."
      link: "/courses"

  # - title: "PY's Mission"
  #   image: "/images/service-2.png"
  #   content: "PY is an in-person coding academy that teaches introductory programming courses. PY offers in-person courses using a structured curriculum, empowering individuals to realize their potential in the world of programming."
  #   # bulletpoints:
  #   #   - "Zero JS, by default: No JavaScript runtime overhead to slow you down."
  #   #   - "Customizable: Tailwind, MDX, and 100+ other integrations to choose from."
  #   #   - "UI-agnostic: Supports React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit and more."
  #   # button:
  #   #   enable: true
  #   #   label: "Get Started Now"
  #   #   link: "https://github.com/zeon-studio/hugoplate"

  # - title: "PY's Vision"
  #   image: "/images/service-3.png"
  #   content: "With Hugo, you can build modern and content-focused websites without sacrificing performance or ease of use."
  #   bulletpoints:
  #     - "Instantly load static sites for better user experience and SEO."
  #     - "Intuitive syntax and support for popular frameworks make learning and using Hugo a breeze."
  #     - "Use any front-end library or framework, or build custom components, for any project size."
  #     - "Built on cutting-edge technology to keep your projects up-to-date with the latest web standards."
  #   button:
  #     enable: false
  #     label: ""
  #     link: ""
---

Commit message:

Misc. Updates
- Added Mission& Vision
- Added whatsapp button
- Updated Courses

content/english/_index.md, after:

---
# Banner
banner:
  title: "Welcome to PY Academy!"
  content: "A Gateway to **P**rogramming for **Y**'all"
  image: "/images/banner.jpg"
  button:
    enable: true
    label: "Learn more about our coming courses."
    link: "/courses"

# Features
features:
  - title: "Why PY?"
    image: "/images/service-1.png"
    content: "Technology is everywhere and the key to a bright future. However, taking the first steps into the world of programming can be challenging. We believe that everyone has the potential to become a proficient coder. In PY academy, our goal is to guide learners through their initial journey in programming, providing them with a solid foundation in programming concepts and problem-solving techniques. We focus primarily on introductory programming courses, where we introduce learners to fundamental programming concepts through a structured curriculum, hands-on experience and collaborative projects."
    content_extra: "PY serves as your gateway to the world of programming. Through an in-person introductory programming tutoring, you will discover your passion for coding, enabling you to dive into the programming world. Unlike online courses, the in-person instruction through PY will offer you real-time discussions, immediate feedback, and interactive discussions with peers and tutors. All of which will lead to a more engaging and effective learning experience that will enhance your coding and problem-solving skills."

    # bulletpoints:
    #   - "10+ Pre-build pages"
    #   - "95+ Google Pagespeed Score"
    #   - "Build with Hugo and TailwindCSS for easy and customizable styling"
    #   - "Fully responsive on all devices"
    #   - "SEO-optimized for better search engine rankings"
    #   - "**Open-source and free** for personal and commercial use"
    button:
      enable: true
      label: "Learn more about our coming courses."
      link: "/courses"

  - title: "PY's Mission"
    image: "/images/pymascot-excited.png"
    content: "PY is an in-person coding academy that teaches introductory programming courses. PY offers in-person courses using a structured curriculum, empowering individuals to realize their potential in the world of programming."

  - title:  "PY's Vision"
    image: "/images/pymascot-happy.png"
    content: "We strive to make PY a gateway for all learners to discover the joy of coding. We seek to build encouraging programming platforms that make programming accessible to everyone. Using research-based advancements in Education Technology, we envision a programming academy that can offer personalized programming instruction based on the learners’ needs, unlocking doors to new opportunities for learners in the world of technology."

  #   # bulletpoints:
  #   #   - "Zero JS, by default: No JavaScript runtime overhead to slow you down."
  #   #   - "Customizable: Tailwind, MDX, and 100+ other integrations to choose from."
  #   #   - "UI-agnostic: Supports React, Preact, Svelte, Vue, Solid, Lit and more."
  #   # button:
  #   #   enable: true
  #   #   label: "Get Started Now"
  #   #   link: "https://github.com/zeon-studio/hugoplate"

  # - title: "PY's Vision"
  #   image: "/images/service-3.png"
  #   content: "With Hugo, you can build modern and content-focused websites without sacrificing performance or ease of use."
  #   bulletpoints:
  #     - "Instantly load static sites for better user experience and SEO."
  #     - "Intuitive syntax and support for popular frameworks make learning and using Hugo a breeze."
  #     - "Use any front-end library or framework, or build custom components, for any project size."
  #     - "Built on cutting-edge technology to keep your projects up-to-date with the latest web standards."
  #   button:
  #     enable: false
  #     label: ""
  #     link: ""
---
